Added body of Img filter function and unit tests (#29)
UBC-MDS/rimager: README.Rmd

- `circropper`: This function crops the input image into a circle. This can be useful when you want to make icons from images. 
- `reduce_dimensions`: This function reduces the dimension of a given image by removing vertical and horizontal seams.
- `img_filter`: This function applies a filter to a given image, altering the visual aesthetic. This includes options to blur and sharpen the image with varying degrees of strength. This filter effect is achieved through the application of a matrix convolution with the filter kernel and original image. 

> - `reducolor`: This function reduces number of colors appearing on the image to have cartoonized color effect.

Reviewer: I forgot to amend here, to fix mine btw haha.
```suggestion
- `reducolor`: This function reduces the image colors to get the cartoonized color effect. This can be either white and black images or eight colors images.  
```
